[DOCS-7773] Update manual.md (#1523)
Alfresco/docs-alfresco: process-services/latest/install/manual.md

A valid license file is required to run Process Services.

> A license file can be obtained from [support](https://community.hyland.com/customer-portal/5097/licensing/alfresco/request)){:target="_blank"} or a link is provided via email to download a temporary (30-day) license if you signed up for a free trial.

Reviewer: My proposal is to guide customers to the Licensing page in the Customer Portal. However, we still need a solution for providing a 30-day license for prospects.
```suggestion
Customers can download and request licenses from [Hyland Community](https://community.hyland.com/customer-portal/licensing/)){:target="_blank"}.
```

> A license file can be obtained from [support](https://community.hyland.com/customer-portal/5097/licensing/alfresco/request)){:target="_blank"} or a link is provided via email to download a temporary (30-day) license if you signed up for a free trial.

Reviewer: My proposal is to guide customers to the Licensing page in the Customer Portal. However, we still need a solution for providing a 30-day license for prospects.
```suggestion
Customers can download and request licenses from [Hyland Community](https://community.hyland.com/customer-portal/licensing/){:target="_blank"}.
```

Author: Yes, having the two links looks like the good solution.
